# Upgrading from MeasurementLink™ 1.x to MeasurementLink™ 2.0

With the MeasurementLink™ 2.0 release, a number of new client libraries and APIs have been added to make writing measurement services easier. These libraries are now installed as part of MeasurementLink™ and can be found on the functions palette under the "Measurement I/O" category. In many cases, these APIs replace code that was previously added to the measurement service project as a helper library when creating the measurement service. 

While these new client libraries reduce the maintenance burden and make writing measurement services easier, it will require some amount of refactoring to existing services in order to utilize them. Since it is expected that most measurements will want to adopt these new libraries, we also used this as an opportunity to clean up existing APIs so that they are more consistent and follow standard coding and style guidelines. While relatively minor changes, these changes break backward compatibility even when not using the new client APIs. In order to minimize the effort required to retrofit code because of these breaks in backward compatibility, an upgrade script was written that can be used to upgrade projects containing existing measurement services. To utilize the new script:
1. Install MeasurementLink™ 2.0 or greater.
1. Clone this github repo locally.
1. Navigate to and open [Source/Generator/_Editor/RenameRefactor/Refactor Dependencies for Projects.vi](https://github.com/ni/measurementlink-labview/blob/main/Source/Generator/_Editor/RenameRefactor/Refactor%20Dependencies%20for%20Projects.vi)
1. Use the `project file or folder (recursive)` control to navigate to a folder or specific project containing services written against MeasurementLink™ 1.x that you want to refactor to use MeasurementLink™ 2.0. If you select a single project file, then only that single project will be updated. If you select a folder, then all projects found recursively under that top level directory will be updated.
1. Click the run button.

Before running the upgrade utility, it is recommended you make a backup of your original code should you want to revert back to using MeasurementLink™ 1.x for any reason. The utility has been tested against the shipping examples attached as release assets to the 1.2.0.4 release.